feat(v2): add support to ignore files in pages plugin (#3196)
facebook/docusaurus: website/docs/guides/creating-pages.md

- Add a `/src/pages/support.js` file
- Create a `/src/pages/support/` directory and a `/src/pages/support/index.js` file.

> The latter is preferred as it has the benefits of letting you put files related to the page within that directory. For example, a CSS module file (`styles.module.css`) with styles meant to only be used on the "Support" page. **Note:** this is merely a recommended directory structure and you will still need to manually import the CSS module file within your component module (`support/index.js`). Any Markdown or Javascript file starting with `_` will be ignored and no routes will be created for that file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The latter is preferred as it has the benefits of letting you put files related to the page within that directory. For example, a CSS module file (`styles.module.css`) with styles meant to only be used on the "Support" page. **Note:** this is merely a recommended directory structure and you will still need to manually import the CSS module file within your component module (`support/index.js`). By default, any Markdown or Javascript file starting with `_` will be ignored, and no routes will be created for that file (see the `exclude` option).
```

:::caution

> All JavaScript/TypeScript files within the `src/pages/` directory except file starting with `_` will have corresponding website paths generated for them. Do not put reusable components or test files (ending with `.test.js`) into that directory otherwise they will be turned into pages, which might not be intended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All JavaScript/TypeScript files within the `src/pages/` directory will have corresponding website paths generated for them. If you want to create reusable components or test files (ending with `.test.js`) into that directory, use the `exclude` option (by default, files prefixed with `_` are not turned into pages).
```
